I am no longer waiting to be chosen by him. I am not waiting for the topic you choose.
I don't know you and won't try it with you.
Outside of love and harmony, like the sun in the west, I cry when the time comes
I don’t quite understand, but I discovered your existence
Like the color of hatred
It seems that Xian Yanli is very creative
All the girls in the show like you
Come naturally
I'll pick this up and fall in love with her in the future, right?
I only like this kind of question
Until you hear my confession
I want to hold all of mine
It's not that cold voice
It’s like I’m holding you apart
Accompany you into the pure white pillow
Like your grades
There are a few drops of blood on each volume
Let the ending not depend on luck
Remember so clearly
and what I said at that time